In consideration of your acceptance of this entry, I hereby waive, for myself, my heirs and assigns, any and all claims for injury or damages which I may incur by virtue of my competing in this contest as against Rich Peters, Tad Peters, NASA Powerlifting and NASA’s staff, the host venue, any facility used and any of their agents and employees. I also realize that the sport of Powerlifting is a high risk sport and that I could be injured. I certify that I am in good physical health and have no serious health problems and that I assume full responsibility for such conditions.
I also agree to the testing methods adopted by NASA, Coefficient System and/or Urine Testing. I agree that if I test positive for anabolic steroids my name can be made public. I also agree that if I leave the event after being selected for testing I will be considered Positive on my Urine Test and forfeit my rights to appeal. I also agree to abide by the NASA rules of conduct and sportsmanship. I do hereby verify my acceptance by my signature/entry by either mail-in entry OR by PayPal entry below! NASA does NOT issue refunds for memberships and/or entry fee’s but we do allow you to carry entries over to the next meet you may enter.
2026
June 6th –
Kentucky State Team Nationals (Leitchfield, KY)
June 13th –
OFF
June 27th –
USA Nationals (Oklahoma City, OK)
July 11th –
New Mexico Summer Nationals (Roswell, NM)
July 25th – Illinois Tri-State Summer (Flora, IL)
August 1st –
OKC Classic @ OneHealthyBod Fitness (Edmond, OK)
September 12th –
Festival of Strength (Norman, OK)
September 19th – Indiana Regional (Kokomo, IN)
October 3rd – Ohio Regional (Springfield, OH)
October 10th – Wisconsin Regional (Milwaukee, WI)
October 17th – Colorado Regional (Greeley, CO)
*
October 24th – Iowa Regional (Winterset, IA)
*
November 7th –
OFF
November 14th – Kentucky Regional (Leitchfield, KY)
November 28th –
OFF
December 5th – Merry Liftmas Texas Nationals (Huntington, TX)
*
December 12th – Masters Nationals & NM. Christmas Regional (Roswell, NM)
*
December 19th – Illinois Christmas Regional (Flora, IL)
December 26th –
OFF
2027
February 20th –
38th Annual
NASA Powerlifting National Awards Banquet (Oklahoma City, OK)
February 20th & 21st –
38th Annual
Natural Nationals (Oklahoma City, OK)
March 6th – New Mexico State (Albuquerque, NM)
March 13th – Indiana State (Kokomo, IN)
March 20th – Colorado State (Greeley, CO)
March 27th –
OFF Easter
April 3rd – Iowa State (Winterset, IA)
May 1st – Texas State (Huntington, TX)
May 8th –
OFF Mother’s Day
August 7th – OKC Classic @ OneHealthyBod Fitness (Edmond, OK)
September 11th – Festival of Strength (Norman, OK)